Shayna looked him up and down. She knew he was holding back. 
But what bothered his brilliant mind? What could be going on behind the eyes of the great Nathan Sideris, the bearer of the toughest jobs and dreamer of the highest ambitions? 
He could see what others could not in humanity’s potential, but only she could see what others could not in Nathan. 
Their relationship had founded on a friendly face to talk to in the early morning hours but had nurtured into a deeper understanding of each other. 
“It’s amazing,’ she thought, “the vulnerabilities a person will reveal when they are tired and just want to go back to bed, when they are so overwhelmed with the stresses of responsibility, when they have no one to share a cup of coffee with and don’t want to feel alone another morning.”

At first she didn’t understand why the CEO would even talk to her. 
How could the man possibly care about her? 
What could she possibly have to offer him? 
She was a glorified cook, working hard in the kitchens, eventually earning her way up the chain, but not without his good grace and recommendations. 
But that’s what she loved about Nathan, he had no regard for who she was in the company or what she did, only for her companionship. 
Even if it were only for a few minutes most mornings. 
And she loved the role she played in his life. 
She always prided herself on being the friend to lean on, to confide in, and to count on. 
He knew he could tell her his darkest secrets and deepest concerns. 
And she would never tell another. 

She feared that one day their meetings would end. 
That Nathan would become too overwhelmed with the management of the always growing company that he would no longer have time for her and the luxury of their talks. 
She was afraid that she would become lost to him, and that as a result she would return to the everyday grind without the special relationship which set her apart from the others on staff. 
She guessed he would never. 
She hoped that he needed her more than she needed him. 
But as long as she continued to provide the service he needed, she knew he would keep coming back for more. 

What she didn’t know was that Nathan felt identical: afraid that one day Shayna would no longer need him either. 
He too hoped she needed him more than he needed her. 
Both hiding their cards from one another and both too terrified to flip over first. 
But both would be at ease if they could just shed their pride for a moment and finally reveal their most pressing insecurity. 
They felt this way because of the unlikeliness of their friendship. 
Built on an accident and sustained in such an orchestrated and artificial environment, it felt like it could collapse any time through lack of time together; that they would just drift away and be gone before they knew it. 
